So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Low Quality.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Does not fit.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The delivery was on time.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Great case and price!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Its a total package.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Great Product.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
Easy to use.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Poor Construction.	0
This is infuriating.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Does not fit.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
disappointing.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Would not reccommend.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Great product.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
This is a great deal.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
It was horrible!.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Great Phone.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Five star Plus, plus.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Good , works fine.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Great price, too!	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Does Not Work.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Battery has no life.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Good case!.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Really good product.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
dont buy it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
It looks very nice.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Just does not work.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
(It works!)	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Last time buying from you.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works fine.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Excellent!.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Best headset ever!!!.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Bad Reception.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Great phone.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
very bad experience.	0
Amazing!.	1